Who sang "Rocky Mountain High"?
In which horror movie was "Rocky Mountain High" was the song repeatedly use to announce the arrival of death?
Where is Alex Browning going for his class trip?
What does Alex have premonitions of?
Where is Alex when is quaking with premonitions?
What is Alex seized by when he is on the plane?
What does Alex scream when he snaps out of his nightmare?
What do the disaster and Alex's premonitions set up?
Who is in a major snit?
Who sets about picking off Alex's friends?
What genre is "Final Destination"?

When did interest in natural language processing begin?
Who published the paper entitled "Computing Machinery and Intelligence"?
From which paper did the Turing test emerge?
When could a computer be considered intelligent according to Turing?
What is the goal of natural language processing?
In which movies was the interation between humans and computers popularized?
What are the abilities of natural language processing?
What according to Marc Maxson will be the most useful data in the future?
The future of what is neither structured nor unstructured?
By what will big data be structured?

how many drone missions have been reported by pentagon from 2011 to 2017?
what was the increase in the domestic drone missions in the year of 2018 when compared to 2011 to 2017?
On which country did the department of defense has flown the drones?
In which month of 2018 did the department of defense published its statistics?
What drones were used by the department of defense?
what are the iconic symbols of the war abroad?
"For the most part, the missions of those drones have remained abroad." True or False?

what are the most striking features of of SARS-CoV-2?
How many people are infected by covid-19 to date?
how many people in the world died due to covid-19?
how many people in the united states died due to covid-19?
which virus causes covid-19?
what are the symptoms of covid-19?
does symptoms of covid-19 include severe respiratory problems?
from which diseases are the researchers drawing additional information?



